fix: ensure the hubOrg passes is actually a DevHub, throw error if not (#669)
forcedotcom/sfdx-core: messages/scratchOrgInfoApi.md

# SourceStatusResetFailureError

Successfully created org with ID: %s and name: %s. Unfortunately, source tracking isn’t working as expected. If you run force:source:status, the results may be incorrect. Try again by creating another scratch org.

# hubOrgIsNotDevHub

> Ensure that org with username: %s and id %s is enabled as a DevHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the org with username %s and ID %s is enabled as a Dev Hub. To enable it, open the org in your browser, navigate to the Dev Hub page in Setup, and click Enable.
```

Reviewer: Let me know if this is too long.   I just figured it was easy to explain how to enable an org as a Dev Hub; users might be baffled as to how to go about it.
